### newsGameFinal
  The current issue relevant to my project is pollution, specifically in the ocean. The amount of trash that occupies the same space as marine life is disheartening, and this pollution negatively impacts their ecosystem. With the emergence of new technology, boats are now capable of automatically collecting various debris, helping ensure the purity of our limited natural resources. This is helpful for the marine life, too, because they are not harmed as a result of the automated cleaning. This game aims to address the theme in a way that is both interactive and fun, but also shows the impact these boats can have on marine life. By using the different p5.js libraries available to us, the program provides a more intuitive way for people with backgrounds in various fields of work to create programs out of a simple computing languages.
   
  In order for this game to properly function, the player controller will be represented by a boat on the canvas. Using the mouse as a controller, the user must hover over all of the trash randomly scattered throughout the ocean blue canvas. If properly played, the user's boat collects all of the scattered trash and they win the game, having saved the fish's ecosystem. The trick to the game is that some of the trash, depending on where it is randomly placed on the screen, can be hidden by some of the images that also appear on the screen. It becomes fun when there are one or two pieces of hidden trash still left to collect, because there are many objects placed on the screen that it can be hiding behind. There isn't really a way to lose, because the intent of this game is to convey the message that pollution is bad. The goal is for the user to reflect on the effects of pollution on species other than humans while they are playing. Preserving wildlife has been an active campaign in a modern context, because of the increased amount of threat towards endangered species. If this project enables others to think about things like these, we might be able to reverse the negative effects pollution has had on all species that inhabit the Earth.  
      
  
